The Land Before Time – It Goes To XIII!
Published on June 28, 2008.
So while I was checking out IMDB and getting lost in cross-references, I came across the Rob Paulsen guy’s filmography.
Rob Paulsen is the guy who does Yakko from Animaniacs and is pretty much in anything that requires voice acting.
Anyway, I saw one of his recent jobs was on The Land Before Time XIII: The Wisdom of Friends.
Read that again.
Yes. There are 13 fucking Land Before Time movies!
I think all of them besides the first one were direct to video affairs, but still.
Gosh damn! 12 sequels!
I guess they must still be profitable if they can still churn them out as much as they are.